[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: So what we're gonna do now
is we're gonna automate these things.
So what I mean by automate,
I mean we write the same stuff over,
and over, and over again.
Like admin, blog, blog post, common home.
They all have the same,
they definitely have the same files.
And even in those files they kinda do
the same thing, at least for a little bit.
Like all directives import styles,
and controllers, and templates, and
they all export.
All controllers are classes and
export, right.
All JavaScript,
all the entry files import Angular and
the directive, and
register the directive, and then export.
They also create a module.
So there were some common things there.
So we can just automate this using gulp.
This is a reason why I wanted
to use gulp with webpack
because if we use webpack we're
won't be able to automate this.
Webpack, its job is not to do this
type of thing that we're about to do,
its job is to build files.
It's not gonna automate
a template system for
you, whereas gulp will cuz
it's just a streaming system.
So we're gonna use gulp for that.
Now before we do that,
because this one's actually kind
of complicated that's why I saved it for
the last.
I wasn't even too sure if
I was gonna do it, but
I think it's important for
everybody to see it.
Does anybody not have experience
with a templating engine?
Of any language,
doesn't have to be JavaScript.
No, you don't have experience
with a templating engine?
So let's just talk about that for
a little bit.
This is gonna help you out a little bit.
So basics of a templating engine,
something like this.
So we have a function called,
let's just say make template.
Just imagine there's a function
called make template somewhere, okay.
And what we do is we'll
have like an object.
>> Scott Moss: And
it will have some properties on it.
Name, hey, all right.
And then what we'll do
is we'll have a string.
And let's say the string
is just a sentence.
My name is.
And in this case it's actually
just used what JavaScript uses.
It used this type of symbol and
we'll put name here.
The way most templating engines work,
especially the one we're gonna be using,
it'll use the function makeTemplate or
whatever its function is.
And it'll do something like this.
So it will take in the string, oops.
I guess I should give these names, right?
>> Scott Moss: It'll take in the string,
and then the object.
And then what it will do is
return the compiled result.
>> Speaker 2: So
does Angular have a templating engine?
>> Scott Moss: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: When you do.
>> Scott Moss: Yep.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Scott Moss: That's exactly right.
So we're gonna use a very micro one,
but a very powerful.
It's built into Lodash and it's the exact
same thing that's in Underscore.
So if you ever used Underscore
templates or Lodash templates,
it's exact same thing,
that's what we're about to use.
It actually kinda looks like,
yeah, it's Underscore and Lodash.
If you've used it's the same thing.
So that's the methodology
behind templating.
It's gonna be something like that.
Sometimes you'll do something like this.
You'll do this and
this will return a function compiler.
And then you'll say compiler.
>> Scott Moss: And then you'll pass in
the options at some later time which will
return the value.
So, but either way, it's the same concept.
>> Scott Moss: But yeah,
Angular does the same thing.
In fact Angular has a
>> Scott Moss: compile.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, I've seen that.
>> Scott Moss: Thing that
does that with interpolation.
Cool, so that's the basics of templating.
And I just want to give you that context,
because most of the stuff you're gonna
see in the next step is already there.
But I want you to
understand what's going on.
So to help you out.